c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\bin\Debug\SalaryMS.exe.config
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\bin\Debug\SalaryMS.exe
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\bin\Debug\SalaryMS.pdb
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Form1.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.exe
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.pdb
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Admin.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.A1.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Apassword.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Ausername.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Employee.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.E1.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Epassword.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Eusername.resources
c:\users\zass\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ZASS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\bin\Debug\SalaryMS.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ZASS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\bin\Debug\SalaryMS.application
C:\Users\ZASS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ZASS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SalaryMS\SalaryMS\obj\Debug\SalaryMS.application
